DCOS 2.2 GA Docs (#3295)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/2.2/release-notes/2.2/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: DC/OS 2.2 Release Notes
title: DC/OS 2.2 Release Notes
menuWeight: 1
render: mustache
beta: false
model:  /mesosphere/dcos/2.2/data.yml
excerpt: Release notes for DC/OS 2.2, including Open Source attribution, and version policy.
---
Mesosphere&reg; DC/OS&trade; 2.2 was released on 29, October 2020.

[button color="light" href="??"]Download DC/OS Open Source[/button]

> [button color="purple" href="??"]Download DC/OS Enterprise* [/button]

Author: done

DC/OS's Universal Container Runtime (UCR) now supports external volumes provided via the Container Storage Interface (CSI). Storage providers which integrate with the CSI specification provide plugins which DC/OS users may install into their cluster. These plugins allow volumes backed by that provider to be attached to task containers. This initial release of CSI support in DC/OS 2.2 has some caveats. For more information, see the [CSI](/mesosphere/dcos/2.2/storage/external-storage/csi/).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Marathon Support for Mesos Offer Constraints

Marathon can now send offer constraints to Mesos to reduce the number of offers it needs to decline due to placement constraints. This behavior is intended to improve the launch speed for services with placement constraints. It is currently experimental and disabled by default. To enable, add the line `MARATHON_MESOS_OFFER_CONSTRAINTS=` to the file `/var/lib/dcos/marathon/environment` on all masters, and restart Marathon.
```

# Jobs with dependencies
Metronome based jobs can have one more dependencies specified; a job will only be run when all of its dependencies have successfully run. This capability allows users to natively setup DAG-based workflows in DC/OS. For more information, see [dependencies](mesosphere/dcos/2.2/deploying-jobs/quickstart#dependencies).

# Custom CA certificate rotation
DC/OS now allows an operator to rotate the custom CA certificates by simply updating configuration settings during an upgrade. This feature ensures all the services that are using the custom CA based certificates are automatically updated after an upgrade. 

# Breaking changes

# Component Versions
DC/OS 2.2.0 includes the following component version updates:

- Marathon 1.11.16

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's update this:

-- Apache® Mesos® 1.11.0-dev
-- Marathon 1.11.23
-- Metronome 0.6.68
-- DC/OS UI  6.1.16
-- CockroachDB 19.1.11
-- Etcd 3.4.9

Author: done

- RootCA bundle was not written soon enough for Docker to find it before it exhausts startup limits on a reboot. (COPS-6534)
- UCR fetcher had issues pulling down images. (COPS-6381) 
- dcos-net was not always able to set all Spartan IP addresses after node reboot. (COPS-6519)
- dcos-telegraf.socket was down after a patch. (COPS-6512)
- Marathon migration failed while upgrading from 1.13.7 to 2.0.2. (COPS-5897)
- Nested Marathon groups were not inheriting enforceRole behavior from top-level groups. (COPS-6529)
- enforceRole was automatically being set to false on all Marathon groups. (COPS-6533)
- Selecting *Run* on a job or selecting *Delete* to remove a group had no effect and threw an exception. (COPS-6324) 
- etcd provided an incorrect response in calicoctl. (COPS-6341)  
- Users were unable to remove empty folders from Metronome. (COPS-6139) 
- Hostname Resolution was failing for VIPs. (COPS-6411)  
- Using file-based secrets caused mount failure and issues in the json editor. (COPS-6085, D2IQ-68114)  
- dse-0-node failed with ssl verification during Datastax-DSE upgrade from 2.1.2-5.1.2 to 2.2.0-5.1.2 on DC/OS 2.0.2. (COPS-6116)

> - CRDB was running and bouncer can not connect to it, because the bouncer's SELECT query fails. (COPS-5979) 

Reviewer 3: The PR in the COPS has a perfect description of what was changed to fix this ticket.
```suggestion
- Cache adminrouter permissions for 10s to reduce load on Bouncer in large clusters. (COPS-5979, COPS-5915, D2IQ-65296)
```

> - An unknown response code was received when querying a DC/OS endpoint. (COPS-5915, D2IQ-65296)  

Reviewer 3: Delete this one and add the COPS/D2iQ numbers to the previous item as they are related:
```suggestion
```

- DC/OS UI showed unexpected information in **Services->Tasks table->CPU** column. (COPS-6555)
- Telgraf was consuming too much CPU. (COPS-5629)
- UI failed to show manually assigned port on endpoints tab. (COPS-6491)
- Exhibitor was writing JNA files to /tmp. (COPS-6111, D2IQ-68109) 
- Renaming or deleting folders via the Jupyter UI resulted in a rename error and delete failed. (COPS-6166)
- After an upgrade, the dcos-telegraf directories had incorrect permissions leading to a problem launching tasks. (COPS-6232, D2IQ-69295)
- Exhibitor endpoint responses were inconsistent. (D2IQ-70393, COPS-6326)  
- DC/OS OSS UI was not displaying a user name, but instead showed a *User added through OIDC ID Token login* message. (COPS-6295, D2IQ-70199) 
- Added details of job to Metronome Overview page and Job Runs page. (COPS-4665)

> - Installer was setting Spartan IP's as the 'resolvers'. (COPS-4616)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The DC/OS Installer now checks to make sure that the Spartan IP's are not set as the 'resolvers'. (COPS-4616)
```

- A master node was not able to rejoin a cluster after failure/restart when another master was offline or being upgraded. (COPS-1754)
- Turned on enable_docker_gc by default for all types of DC/OS installations. (COPS-5520)

> - Could not disable Calico in config.yaml. (COPS-6451)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Added the ability to disable Calico in config.yaml. (COPS-6451)
```
